README.md, before:

# @1hostjs/hosting-1.0.0 - _The easiest way to host websites [deprecated version]_
## ANNOUNCEMENT: This repository is only open for security patches because version 2.x.x is released. This repo will be archived on May 6th, the EOL of 1.x.x. The new repo can be found [here](https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting).
<!-- The badges are commented out to draw attention to the announcement -->
<!-- ![Codacy grade](https://img.shields.io/codacy/grade/aa8004662996446e9dd30ff0d1c71c5b?logo=codacy&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&color=F63202) ![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/815203873324662865?color=F63202&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub branch checks state](https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/1hostjs/hosting/main?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&color=F63202) ![GitHub language count](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/count/1hostjs/hosting?logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&color=F63202) ![Snyk Vulnerabilities for GitHub Repo](https://img.shields.io/snyk/vulnerabilities/github/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![Lines of code](https://img.shields.io/tokei/lines/github/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&label=total%20lines%20of%20code&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub all releases](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/1hostjs/hosting/total?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub closed issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub closed pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub milestones](https://img.shields.io/github/milestones/all/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub release (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub Release Date](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![Github All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/all-contributors/1hostjs/hosting/main?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub commits since tagged version](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/1hostjs/hosting/latest/main?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=github&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![npm bundle size (scoped)](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/min/@1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=npm&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/@1hostjs/hosting?color=F63202&logo=npm&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/@1hostjs%252Fhosting?color=F63202&logo=npm&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@1hostjs%252fhosting?color=F63202&logo=npm&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) ![Website](https://img.shields.io/website?color=F63202&down_color=F63202&down_message=down&label=docs&logo=nuxt.js&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge&up_color=F63202&up_message=are%20up&url=https%3A%2F%2F1host.js.org) ![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/wgytcraft?color=F63202&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge) [![GitLocalize](https://gitlocalize.com/repo/5951/whole_project/badge.svg)](https://gitlocalize.com/repo/5951/whole_project?utm_source=badge) -->
## How to use

### Require the module

```javascript
var onehostjs = require("@1hostjs/hosting");
```

### Use it

```javascript
onehostjs(modulesJson, dirname);
// modulesJson should be the modules.json file for 1hostjs
// dirname should be __dirname
```

## Folder Structure

```text
📦 1hostjs/hosting
 ┣ 📂 tests # Folder for tests
 ┣ 📂 dist # Actual source code
 ┣ 📂 .github # Community health files
 ┣ 📜 LICENSE
 ┣ 📜 NOTICE.md
 ┗ 📜 README.md
```

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://wgyt.tk"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/68466727?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>William (Wgyt) Horning</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3Awgyt" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=wgyt" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=wgyt" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-wgyt" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#example-wgyt" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#ideas-wgyt" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-wgyt" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-wgyt" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Awgyt" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://retronbv.github.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/49005044?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>retronbv</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=retronbv" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-retronbv" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3Aretronbv" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Aretronbv" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#maintenance-retronbv" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=retronbv" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://thecoder876.github.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/76265544?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>thecoder876</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=thecoder876" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-thecoder876" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-thecoder876" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#projectManagement-thecoder876" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Athecoder876" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://grahamsh.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/64214252?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>GrahamSH</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3AGrahamSH-LLK" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#ideas-GrahamSH-LLK" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AGrahamSH-LLK" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cary-uwu"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/81051124?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>cary-uwu</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-cary-uwu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

The 1host.js project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome! Add yourself to the list [here](https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues/9).

Commit message:

add more info link and remove stuff

README.md, after:

# @1hostjs/hosting-1.0.0 - _The easiest way to host websites [deprecated version]_
## ANNOUNCEMENT: This repository is only open for security patches because version 2.x.x is released. This repo will be archived on May 6th, the EOL of 1.x.x. The new repo can be found [here](https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting). Join [our Discord server](https://discord.gg/NcfrvkEy6A) and read [this message](https://discord.com/channels/815203873324662865/815203873324662868/831507860847460372) for more info.

**All data except for the contributor list (nice to keep credits) has been removed since you can no longer install 1.x.x.**

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://wgyt.tk"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/68466727?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>William (Wgyt) Horning</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3Awgyt" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=wgyt" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=wgyt" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="#design-wgyt" title="Design">🎨</a> <a href="#example-wgyt" title="Examples">💡</a> <a href="#ideas-wgyt" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#infra-wgyt" title="Infrastructure (Hosting, Build-Tools, etc)">🚇</a> <a href="#maintenance-wgyt" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Awgyt" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://retronbv.github.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/49005044?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>retronbv</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=retronbv" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-retronbv" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3Aretronbv" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Aretronbv" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="#maintenance-retronbv" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=retronbv" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://thecoder876.github.io"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/76265544?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>thecoder876</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=thecoder876" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#ideas-thecoder876" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="#maintenance-thecoder876" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="#projectManagement-thecoder876" title="Project Management">📆</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3Athecoder876" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://grahamsh.com"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/64214252?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>GrahamSH</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Documentation">📖</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues?q=author%3AGrahamSH-LLK" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="#ideas-GrahamSH-LLK" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/pulls?q=is%3Apr+reviewed-by%3AGrahamSH-LLK" title="Reviewed Pull Requests">👀</a> <a href="https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/commits?author=GrahamSH-LLK" title="Tests">⚠️</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/cary-uwu"><img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/81051124?v=4?s=100" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>cary-uwu</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#ideas-cary-uwu" title="Ideas, Planning, & Feedback">🤔</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-restore -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

The 1host.js project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome! Add yourself to the list [here](https://github.com/1hostjs/hosting/issues/9).
